Create README.md for new integrations docs/structure (#848)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/admin-guide/admin-oauth2/_index.md

- A Mattermost server to authenticate requests to a third-party API. One popular application is Zapier integration which allows you to integrate more than 700 applications with Mattermost through OAuth 2.0. See our [Zapier documentation](../admin-zapier) to learn more.

## Register your application in Mattermost

You must register your application in Mattermost to generate OAuth 2.0 credentials (client ID and secret), which your application can use to authenticate API calls to Mattermost, and which Mattermost uses to authorize API requests from the application.

If you'd like to set up a Zapier integration with OAuth 2.0, see our [Zapier documentation](../admin-zapier) to learn more.

### Enable OAuth 2.0 Applications

OAuth 2.0 applications are off by default and can be enabled by the System Admin as follows:

1. Log in to your Mattermost server as the System Administrator.
2. Go to **System Console > Integrations > Integration Management**.
3. Set [Enable OAuth 2.0 Service Provider](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-oauth-2-0-service-provider) to **True**.

> 4. (Optional) If you'd like to allow external applications to post with customizable usernames and profile pictures, then set [Enable integrations to override usernames](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-webhooks-and-slash-commands-to-override-usernames) and [Enable integrations to override profile picture icons](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-webhooks-and-slash-commands-to-override-profile-picture-iconss) to **True**.

Author: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) If you'd like to allow external applications to post with customizable usernames and profile pictures, then set [Enable integrations to override usernames](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-webhooks-and-slash-commands-to-override-usernames) and [Enable integrations to override profile picture icons](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons) to **true**.
```

> 4. (Optional) If you'd like to allow external applications to post with customizable usernames and profile pictures, then set [Enable integrations to override usernames](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-webhooks-and-slash-commands-to-override-usernames) and [Enable integrations to override profile picture icons](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-webhooks-and-slash-commands-to-override-profile-picture-iconss) to **True**.

Author: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) If you'd like to allow external applications to post with customizable usernames and profile pictures, then set [Enable integrations to override usernames](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames) and [Enable integrations to override profile picture icons](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons) to **True**.
```

> 4. (Optional) If you'd like to allow external applications to post with customizable usernames and profile pictures, then set [Enable integrations to override usernames](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-webhooks-and-slash-commands-to-override-usernames) and [Enable integrations to override profile picture icons](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-webhooks-and-slash-commands-to-override-profile-picture-iconss) to **True**.

Reviewer: Link is wrong.
